chore(report) : Add week 6 report CI Scanner Project (#253)
fossology/gsoc: docs/2024/ci-scanner/updates/2024-07-11.md

---
title: Week 6
author: Rajul Jha
tags: [gsoc24, CI]
---
<!--
SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-SA-4.0

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 Rajul Jha <rajuljha49gmail.com>
-->

# Week 6
*(July 05, 2024 - July 11, 2024)*

## Meeting 1
*(July 10, 2024)*

## Attendees
* [Rajul Jha](https://github.com/rajuljha)
* [Shaheem Azmal](https://github.com/shaheemazmalmmd)
* [Kaushlendra](https://github.com/Kaushl2208)
* [Avinal Kumar](https://github.com/avinal)

## Discussions

> * Mentioned about the progress and completion of [#PR2785](https://github.com/fossology/fossology/pulls2785) which adds the relevant byte info the nomos scanner's JSON Output.
> * Also got review from mentors regarding [#PR2784](https://github.com/fossology/fossology/pulls2784) which allows for the user to pass a custom `allowlist.json` file for whitelisting certain licenses or keywords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mentioned about the progress and completion of [#PR2785](https://github.com/fossology/fossology/pull/2785) which adds the relevant byte info the nomos scanner's JSON Output.
* Also got review from mentors regarding [#PR2784](https://github.com/fossology/fossology/pull/2784) which allows for the user to pass a custom `allowlist.json` file for whitelisting certain licenses or keywords.
```
